README.md, before:

# Interview Scheduler

## Purpose
This project was created and published by Justin Lam (https://github.com/justinklam) as part the learning curriculum at Lighthouse Labs.

WARNING: It is not intended for use in production-grade software.

## Final Product

![main](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justinklam/scheduler/master/screenshots/MainPage.png)
![appointment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justinklam/scheduler/master/screenshots/Appointment.png)
![saved-appointment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justinklam/scheduler/master/screenshots/SetAppointment.png)
![delete](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justinklam/scheduler/master/screenshots/Delete.png)
![mobile-view](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justinklam/scheduler/master/screenshots/MediaQueries.png)

## Setup

Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Running Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm start
```

## Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```

## Dependencies

  - "axios": "^0.24.0",
  - "classnames": "^2.2.6",
  - "normalize.css": "^8.0.1",
  - "react": "^16.9.0",
  - "react-dom": "^16.9.0",
  - "react-scripts": "3.0.0"

## DEV Dependencies
  - "@babel/core": "^7.4.3",
  - "@storybook/addon-actions": "^5.0.10",
  - "@storybook/addon-backgrounds": "^5.0.10",
  - "@storybook/addon-links": "^5.0.10",
  - "@storybook/addons": "^5.0.10",
  - "@storybook/react": "^5.0.10",
  - "@testing-library/jest-dom": "^4.0.0",
  - "@testing-library/react": "^8.0.7",
  - "@testing-library/react-hooks": "^7.0.2",
  - "babel-loader": "^8.0.5",
  - "node-sass": "^4.14.0",
  - "react-test-renderer": "^16.9.0"

Commit message:

update README with scheduler-api server

README.md, after:

# Interview Scheduler

## Purpose
This project was created and published by Justin Lam (https://github.com/justinklam) as part the learning curriculum at Lighthouse Labs.

WARNING: It is not intended for use in production-grade software.

## Final Product

![main](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justinklam/scheduler/master/screenshots/MainPage.png)
![appointment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justinklam/scheduler/master/screenshots/Appointment.png)
![saved-appointment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justinklam/scheduler/master/screenshots/SetAppointment.png)
![delete](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justinklam/scheduler/master/screenshots/Delete.png)
![mobile-view](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justinklam/scheduler/master/screenshots/MediaQueries.png)

## Setup

Install dependencies with `npm install`.

* Download the Scheduler Server API from the below link
* https://github.com/justinklam/scheduler-api

```sh
npm start
```

## Running Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm start
```

## Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```

## Dependencies

  - "axios": "^0.24.0",
  - "classnames": "^2.2.6",
  - "normalize.css": "^8.0.1",
  - "react": "^16.9.0",
  - "react-dom": "^16.9.0",
  - "react-scripts": "3.0.0"

## DEV Dependencies
  - "@babel/core": "^7.4.3",
  - "@storybook/addon-actions": "^5.0.10",
  - "@storybook/addon-backgrounds": "^5.0.10",
  - "@storybook/addon-links": "^5.0.10",
  - "@storybook/addons": "^5.0.10",
  - "@storybook/react": "^5.0.10",
  - "@testing-library/jest-dom": "^4.0.0",
  - "@testing-library/react": "^8.0.7",
  - "@testing-library/react-hooks": "^7.0.2",
  - "babel-loader": "^8.0.5",
  - "node-sass": "^4.14.0",
  - "react-test-renderer": "^16.9.0"
